feat(Flutter): update getting started pages (#10184)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/dart/index.mdx

  - server
---

On this page, we get you up and running with Sentry's Dart SDK.

<Note>

If you don't already have an account and Sentry project established, head over to [sentry.io](https://sentry.io/signup/), then return to this page.

</Note>

## Install

<OnboardingOptionButtons
  options={[
    'error-monitoring',
    'performance'
  ]}
/>

Sentry captures data by using an SDK within your application's runtime.

```yml {filename:pubspec.yaml}
dependencies:
  sentry: ^{{@inject packages.version('sentry.dart') }}
```

## Configure

To capture all errors, initialize the Sentry Dart SDK as soon as possible.

<SignInNote />

```dart {"onboardingOptions": {"performance": "6-8"}}
import 'package:sentry/sentry.dart';

Future<void> main() async {
  await Sentry.init((options) {
    options.dsn = '___PUBLIC_DSN___';
    // Set tracesSampleRate to 1.0 to capture 100% of transactions for performance monitoring.
    // We recommend adjusting this value in production.
    options.tracesSampleRate = 1.0;
  });

  // you can also configure SENTRY_DSN, SENTRY_RELEASE, SENTRY_DIST, and
  // SENTRY_ENVIRONMENT via Dart environment variable (--dart-define)
}
```

## Verify

> Test that error reporting is working correctly by adding the below snippet to your app, and finding the reported Error on Sentry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Verify that your app is sending events to Sentry by adding the following snippet, which includes an intentional error. You should see the error reported in Sentry within a few minutes.
```
